---
layout: post
title:  "2017, It's a Wrap (And With Good Riddance)"
date:   2017-12-31 12:00:00 +0000
category: website
tags: tech website jekyll
subtitle: "It was a pretty awful year for me, but there were some highlights. Lets try to focus on them."
img: "/assets/img/2017-its-a-wrap/header.jpg"
---

2017 has been quite a defining year for me, and not in a good way either. If
you cast your mind back to this time last year, I had just finished off a
nice [lil' post](https://medium.com/@mbell_gb/eoy2016-832ca999c6ea) about
what I got up to in 2016 (this was) before Medium introduced their terrible
new monetisation scheme. This year's post may be a... little bit different.

But first, a few stats about my year.

<aside>
<div class="cards-4">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h3>312 hours</h3>
      <p>Time hacking at hackathons</p>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h3>11710 km</h3>
      <p>Distance travelled by air</p>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h3>1031</h3>
      <p>GitHub contributions this year</p>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-body">
      <h3>2</h3>
      <p>Burnouts</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</aside>

# Travel And Hackathons

## Barcelona, Spain

I got the opportunity to visit the wonderful city of Barcelona to take part
in HackUPC back in March. It's a very special city; the architecture was
great, the people were lovely and I came away with far more friends than I
went in with.

## Toronto, Canada

## Lausanne, Switzerland

## Helsinki, Finland

# Projects, Uni, Work And Burning Out

I had two significant burn outs this year, which were not a lot of fun. The
first one occured after pulling three all-nighters in a week to complete my
second year group project, including final testing, documentation and
integration.

# Reflection On My Goals

During my post last year, I made some pretty extreme goals. Did I make them?

## Explore More Of The World

This didn't really happen. Mainly, work and uni, and financials got in the
way of this so I didn't really explore anywhere new. I did, however, get to
revisit places I'd already visited in more detail. So that's nice.

## Improve My Physique

Somewhat. I've been doing more exercise, in particular I've signed up for the
Parkrun programme and attend my local run on a semi-regular basis. Even the
small amount I do has significantly improved my asthma, to the point where I
no longer use an inhaler.

## Drink More Water, Sleep More

Hahahahahahahahahaha. Maybe next year.

## Start Creating Content

This didn't happen at all. This was kinda just because I don't feel like
anything I create would actually be useful; I feel like any content I put out
would have already been done, and this especially applies to talks. Why would
people want to hear about some project I did when others are talking about
cutting edge Javascript?

## Speak At Something

This didn't happen for the same reason as above. I don't really consider
myself to have anything special to offer with regards to talks.

## Write In My Bullet Journal Daily

This started strong and petered off by about March/April. As soon as
deadlines start coming up and my live gets hectic, I start to just focus on
trying to deal with them rather than plan ahead. Which is definitely not a
good habit!

# Looking To Next Year

## Goals

## 365 Days

I'm totally going to steal what a friend of mine did this year and do a
"photo each day" kind of thing. Just out of interest to see how it would turn
out, to be honest.

## Journalling
